Docs: Add HAProxy rewrite information considering `serve_from_sub_path` setting (#80062)
grafana/grafana: docs/sources/tutorials/run-grafana-behind-a-proxy/index.md

To serve Grafana behind a sub path:

1. Include the sub path at the end of the `root_url`.

> 1. Set `serve_from_sub_path` to `true`. Or, let proxy rewrite the path for you (refer to examples bellow).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Set `serve_from_sub_path` to `true`. Or, let proxy rewrite the path for you (refer to examples below).
```

To serve Grafana behind a sub path:

> - Include the sub path at the end of the `root_url`.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
1. Include the sub path at the end of the `root_url`.
```

> - Set `serve_from_sub_path` to `true`, **OR** let proxy rewrite the path for you (see proxy config examples bellow).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
1. Set `serve_from_sub_path` to `true`. Or, let proxy rewrite the path for you (refer to examples bellow).
```

  use_backend grafana_backend if { path /grafana } or { path_beg /grafana/ }

backend grafana_backend
  server grafana localhost:3000
```

> If your Grafana configuration does not set `server.serve_from_sub_path` to `true` then you need to add a rewrite rule to `backend grafana_backend` block:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
If your Grafana configuration doen't set `server.serve_from_sub_path` to `true`, then you must add a rewrite rule to the `backend grafana_backend` block:
```

> If your Grafana configuration doen't set `server.serve_from_sub_path` to `true`, then you must add a rewrite rule to the `backend grafana_backend` block:

Author: ```suggestion
If your Grafana configuration doesn't set `server.serve_from_sub_path` to `true`, then you must add a rewrite rule to the `backend grafana_backend` block:
```
